Changes introduced in the most recent build/version:

<p><b>Version 3.0</b></p>

<!--<a href="JavaScript:void(0)" 
       onclick="document.getElementById('2.1').style.display='block';">Show</a>-->

<div id="3.0" style="display:block">

<ul>

<li> (Core) We have improved the algorithm to evaluate the
interdependencies between the modules.</li>

<li> (Interface) We created a "Get started!" mode that make the
interface MUCH MORE SIMPLER.  This is specially intended for not
advanced users.</li>

</ul>

</div>

<p><b>Version 2.1</b></p>

<a href="JavaScript:void(0)" onclick="document.getElementById('2.1').style.display='block';">Show</a>

<div id="2.1" style="display:none">

<ul>

<li> (Interface) Caching is disabled to allow the proper upload of
results after changing some parameter.</li>

<li> (Core) Insolation diagrams in the Habitability module have been
considerably improved to be more readable.</li>

<li> (Core) Solar reference model has been calculated and include into
the data in the site.  Solar reference value now appear in the
interaction plots.</li>

<li> (Core) Bugs with the dependency tree of the modules have been
corrected.</li>

<li> (Core) Mass-loss is now calculated and include along the
secondary y-axis in fluxes plots.  </li>

<li> (Interface) The same as below for the interaction module. </li>

<li> (Interface) Rotational evolution results have been better
organized and instantaneous properties are now shown.</li>

<li> (Core) LXUV instead of simply LX is calculated now.</li>

<li> (Core) New parameters Rosat and logRXsat and beta to control
calculated X-ray luminosities have been add to the Star input form.</li>

<li> (Interface) All the information about the objects is displayed in
a common format: first plots, then numercial information.</li>

<li> (Interface) The information sheet of the modules include as a
comment the VERSION wich with they were created. </li>

<li> (Interface) Each time the catalogue is generated from scratch it
creates a script to recreate all the objects in the catalogue.</li>

<li> (Interface) Links for the community configurations are preserved
after deepclean. </li>

<li> (Interface) We have include a "Community Configurations" section
in the Summary where configurations saved from other users will be
permanently available.</li>

<li> (Interface) The 2.0 label in the title has been changed for 2</li>

<li> This is the first minor version change released.  It fixes bugs and several issues in the core.</li>

</ul>

</div>

<p><b>Version 2.0</b></p>

<a href="JavaScript:void(0)" onclick="document.getElementById('2.0').style.display='block';">Show</a>

<div id="2.0" style="display:none">
<ul>

<li>(Interface) Problems with the display of BHMcat in browsers
different than Google Chrome.</li>

<li>(Interface) Warning message concerning Browser differences.</li>

<li>(Interface) Page is blocked until all the elements are
rendered.</li>

<li>(Interface) A warning message is displayed when the site is being updated or maintained
.</li>

<li>(Interface) The bhmcalc.net domain is introduced.  The web
interface now run in the root of the webserver.</li>

</ul>
</div>